# "Chorus of Change" Comics Website

Welcome to a creative fusion of comics, audio, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that weaves the compelling tale of a singer's journey through the challenges and triumphs that remained hidden behind the curtain.

**Project Description**

In this project, our objective was to provide a unique storytelling experience that delves into the life of a singer named "Angela," spotlighting the struggles that often go unnoticed in her pursuit of a dream. As you navigate through our digital creation, you'll be met with a seamless interface that beautifully weaves the story. The transitions between comic boxes are smooth, creating a cinematic effect, allowing the story to unfold organically. To enrich the storytelling experience, we've incorporated audio elements that resonate with the narrative. The use of background music adds depth and dimension to the story, immersing the audience further into the singer's world.

**Process**

Meticulously hand-drawn comics, reflecting hours of dedicated sketching and drawing using Adobe Illustrator, became the core of our storytelling. The technical intricacies of countless lines of code posed their own set of challenges. Late nights were spent perfecting the website's seamless user interface. However, every hurdle was met with determination, our collaborative efforts, led by Aruzhan, Diana, and Sara, were central to the creation of the "Chorus of Change." We worked closely together on most aspects of the project, with tasks often overlapping. Together, we shaped the website's backbones, layout, transitions, and sketches, ensuring a seamless user experience. We jointly worked on the sketches, adding depth and emotion to the visual narrative. Crafting engaging comic text was a collaborative effort, with all of us pouring our creativity into bringing the characters and their journey to life. This collaborative approach, with each of us playing our unique roles, resulted in a project we're immensely proud to share.
Nevertheless, we encountered a number of challenges in the way of creating the website and managed to solve most of them thanks to the collaborative work. As we said during the process “Three brains are better than one brain”. Firstly, talking about the images, we created them in Canva and then overlined each of them in Adobe Illustrator in order to convert them to SVG files. Considering the fact that three of us are new to the Adobe world, we had many difficulties such as not being able to fill the shapes, but filling the whole page, or not being able to manage through the layers. However, practice makes perfect! Because of hours of practice, we mastered our skills and the process went faster and easier. It was when the process of drawing in Adobe Illustrator became a therapeutic process to some extent. Secondly, although the utilization of data-aos was relatively easy because of practicing that in the homework, we were having issues with the timing of the animation. All the animations were opening almost at the same time, but we wanted to make them play while the page was scrolling. This is when we analyzed each line of the data-aos and realized that the data-aos-offset was set at almost the same distance from the beginning of the website. We simply changed that based on the location of the image. Other than that, minor issues were solved quickly because of collaborative work and discussion of the issues and providing the solution to each other. Overall, we really enjoyed the process of drawing comics and coding the website for that!

**Evaluation**

Our website successfully brought to life the backstage story of the singer and the struggles she encountered on her journey. It exceeded our expectations in terms of storytelling, engagement, and the technical achievements involved in the process. We believe that "Everyone Has Their Backstage." It's a reminder that beyond the spotlight and the applause, there's a personal journey filled with challenges, determination, and dreams. Specifically, we succeeded in creating the story with a great plotline and the deep message that “everyone has their backstage and every success requires hard work”. The website aesthetics and interactivity turned out to be the way we imagined and even more. Specifically, we were planning to create the animation of the images and the text to appear when the images are clicked, but during the process we added even more as a piece of background music, accompanying the images. We believe that the music makes the experience of reading the comics even more engaging and interesting. The only thing that didn’t meet the expectation was the microphone wires. We were planning to make the wires of the microphone go through all the frames of the comics, but it turned out to be much harder than we imagined. If we have a chance to develop the website further, we will definitely add that part because it would connect the frames with each other visually. In general, this was the case when the reality exceeded the expectations. 
